The sample we aim for here is a convenience sample that is sufficiently diverse to allow us to discover universals of lexical structure that are not due to common inheritance while also showing enough clustered nodes to make inferences about the influence of phylogeny on lexical patterns. Lexical data was selected from RefLex based on the following desiderata:

1. Many records
2. Phylogenetic diversity

We first selected sources with > 5000 records (following criterion 1). Within that first convenience sample, we prioritised sources according to phylogenetic diversity, striving to include representative datasets from the major African phyla and subphyla recognised by Glottolog.

When there are multiple sources for one languoid (e.g. Wolof, Sereer), we use only the biggest one to avoid problems with duplicate or near-duplicate lemmas. When there are sources for multiple varieties of a relatively tight cluster (e.g. Pular/Peul), we prioritise the source with the largest number of records. When there are sources for multiple languages in a larger group (e.g. Bantu, Dogon), we select multiple based on number of records and group-internal diversity. 

RefLex metadata was enriched by adding ISO codes, Glottolog 3.0 codes, language names, and full citations to the original sources.

Steps followed to download records from RefLex:
1. Login
2. Select source
3. Add source
4. Go to "Find" tab, search with an empty search field
(Only once: set "Select fields to display" to all)
5. Set all records as active
6. Download xls

RefLex fields:

idr RefLex entry id
ref RefLex reference id
cit RefLex citation
sou RefLex source id
fun unified form
tra original translation
cgr unified grammatical category
coa author's comment
tuf unified French translation
cod phonetic form
frm complete form
fsi simplified form
sto tonal pattern
scs syllabic pattern
scc consonantal pattern
tue	unified English translation
alt	consonant alternations
cls	class or gender (singular)
clp	class or gender (plural)
csa	compiler's comment
cgo	grammatical category in original
rac	lexical root
eml	borrowing language
langue language
